feat(curriculum): update lunch picker test to prevent mutation (#60145)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lab-lunch-picker-program/66db529d37ad966480ebb633.md

try {
  console.log = obj => tempArr.push(obj);

>   // check that it correctly outputs the first item

Reviewer: why was this comment changed? it looses clarity

try {
  console.log = obj => tempArr.push(obj);

  // First item
  Math.random = () => 0;
  getRandomLunch([...testLunches]);
  assert.strictEqual(tempArr[0], `Randomly selected lunch: ${testLunches[0]}`);

  // Second item
  Math.random = () => 0.4;
  getRandomLunch([...testLunches]);
  assert.strictEqual(tempArr[1], `Randomly selected lunch: ${testLunches[1]}`);

  // Third item
  Math.random = () => 0.8;
  getRandomLunch([...testLunches]);
  assert.strictEqual(tempArr[2], `Randomly selected lunch: ${testLunches[2]}`);

} finally {
  Math.random = tempRandom;
  console.log = temp;
}

```

The `getRandomLunch` function should not change the array passed to it as argument.

```js
const testLunches = ["Fish", "Fries", "Roast"];

let originalLunches = [...testLunches]; 

function isMutated(original, modified) {
  return !original.every((v, i) => v === modified[i]);
}

> try {

Author: If an assertion fails inside a try block, it will throw an error, which will be visible unless it is caught and suppressed in a catch block.

> try {

Reviewer: but does the test itself shows failure or not?

> try {

Author: Yes ,the test in the challenge will show failure if an assertion fails

> try {

Reviewer: great, thank you for confirming, than that's good

  // First call
  Math.random = () => 0;
  getRandomLunch(testLunches);
  assert.strictEqual(isMutated(originalLunches, testLunches), false);

  // Second call
  Math.random = () => 0.4;
  getRandomLunch(testLunches);
  assert.strictEqual(isMutated(originalLunches, testLunches), false);

  // Third call
  Math.random = () => 0.8;
  getRandomLunch(testLunches);
  assert.strictEqual(isMutated(originalLunches, testLunches), false);

> 

Reviewer: to be comprehensive, let's also add a test where the input array is empty

Author: is a new test required, with a hint for empty arrays?

Reviewer: you do not have a test for an empty array not being modified

Author: Do I need to add tests for empty arrays in mutation test?

Reviewer: that is what I am asking you to do, add testing for that here below the last one that test if an array with elements in it is mutated

} catch (e) {

>   throw e;

Reviewer: use the pattern of the previous test:
 - do not use a `catch` statement and do not throw, not useful errors are going to be printed to the console in the webpage
 - add a `finally` where you restore the changed `Math.random`

try {
  console.log = obj => tempArr.push(obj);

  // First item
  Math.random = () => 0;
  getRandomLunch([...testLunches]);
  assert.strictEqual(tempArr[0], `Randomly selected lunch: ${testLunches[0]}`);

  // Second item
  Math.random = () => 0.4;
  getRandomLunch([...testLunches]);
  assert.strictEqual(tempArr[1], `Randomly selected lunch: ${testLunches[1]}`);

  // Third item
  Math.random = () => 0.8;
  getRandomLunch([...testLunches]);
  assert.strictEqual(tempArr[2], `Randomly selected lunch: ${testLunches[2]}`);

} finally {
  Math.random = tempRandom;
  console.log = temp;
}

```

The `getRandomLunch` function should not change the array passed to it as argument.

```js
const testLunches = ["Fish", "Fries", "Roast"];

let originalLunches = [...testLunches]; 
const tempRandom = Math.random;

> function isMutated(original, modified) {
>   return !original.every((v, i) => v === modified[i]) || original.length !== modified.length;
> }

Reviewer: instead of creating a function there are `assert` methods that do it already

```suggestion
```

try {
  // First call
  Math.random = () => 0;
  getRandomLunch(testLunches);

>   assert.strictEqual(isMutated(originalLunches, testLunches), false);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  assert.sameOrderedMembers(originalLunches, testLunches);
```

Author: Suggested line looks like it's comparing an array to itself .should this maybe be comparing to a preserved original state?

  // Second call
  Math.random = () => 0.4;
  getRandomLunch(testLunches);

>   assert.strictEqual(isMutated(originalLunches, testLunches), false);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  assert.sameOrderedMembers(originalLunches, testLunches);
```

```

> Make sure the getRandomLunch function does not change the original array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `getRandomLunch` function should not change the array passed to it as argument.
```

```

> This test ensures that the `getRandomLunch` function does not mutate the original input array, regardless of the selected random index.

Reviewer: you should write an hint that is useful to the camper to know why this test is failing, like "When `getRandomLunch` is called, it should not mutate the array passed as argumetn" or something

this would be incredibly confusing to get as an hint
